Truth and Dare

All The Rage
Long Time Dead
Good as Dead
Right to Die
Fearful Symmetry
Little Girl Lost
And the Abyss Blinked
Shadow Play
Persons Unknown
Universal Servant
Hollow Men
Seasonal Variations
A New Leaf
Written Off
Paper Boy
Deadline
Help Wanted
No Questions Asked
Situations Vacant
Agony Aunt
Future Tense
Next Time
Whatever Walks, Walks Alone / Breadcrumbs
The Essential Invisible / Cold Hearts / Reasons Which Reason Knows Not / Small Is The Number Of Them That See
The Walls Of My Castle Are Broken
Broken Into Shape

Stuffing a subsidiary character in the fridge is essentially railroading, ie drastically limiting, the motivations of the main character. Pretty much everything they do and feel from then on will likely be related to that single event.

Cecily Cretus and Dolorores Siva
Jane Aletheia

"I used to cut myself but YANA persuaded me to talk to my family about it. That made me realise that there were people around me who cared and I was finally able to stop."
"I was sexually assaulted by a friend of the family. YANA showed me that I wasn't to blame and I was able to speak to a support group and eventually the police."
"I suffered with bulimia. YANA told me that I had other qualities than my appearance that people liked about me and that I was worth taking good care of. These days, I see a counsellor regularly and I'm eating better now, and not purging, and my health has improved a lot."
"I was lonely and depressed and couldn't see a way out. Talking to YANA gave me the confidence to reach out to others and even start dating a bit."
"I was being bullied. Every day was a nightmare. I even thought about taking my father's gun and doing something with it, either to them or myself or both. Because YANA believed in me and supported me, I was able to go to the school authorities and force them to act. Turns out one of the bullies was being abused at home and threatening the others into going along with him. I'm even friends with one of the guys now."

Dee and Cee look very alike, enough so to be sisters, almost like twins. Both are attractive, though slightly shorter than average, with dark auburn hair and sharp, almost fox-like features. Dee is about an inch taller and a little more muscular, though still slim, with dark skin and her hair worn straight down her back. Cee is paler and slightly plump, with a few freckles over her eyes and her hair waved above the shoulder. She has sparkling eyes and a mischievous smile whereas Dee's expression tends to be a bit more open and serious, though still friendly and humourous.

"My life is perfect. I honestly can't imagine how things could be better. Every day is like living in paradise."
"Everything is going great. I can't believe how well events have turned out. I couldn't be happier."
"I feel fantastic. I would never have thought that the world could be such a wonderful place. I don't ever want anything to change."

All is not well at the exclusive St. Vitus Academy. Several female students have committed suicide and others seem to have simply disappeared. The authorities aren't talking and no-one will speak openly. Co-incidentally, an anonymous online support group just started. Are these circumstances linked? Always remember: You Are Not Alone.

		*			*			*			*			*

Alone in her room, the young woman reached under her bed and retrieved two buckets. One of the two is covered in brightly coloured text and pictures of the several pounds of assorted sweets and chocolates it has inside it. The other is an ordinary, empty bathroom pail, well-scrubbed to remove the evidence of its previous usage. For a few moments, the girl simply stares dolefully at the two containers. After a short while, her hand creeps towards the lid of the first bucket and begins to open it.

"Per-plunk."

Startled by the sound, the girl looks up at the screen of her laptop and the message whose arrival has just been signalled.

"I DON'T THINK YOU REALLY WANT TO DO THAT, DO YOU?"

"What?"

"I SAID, I DON'T THINK THAT EATING ALL THAT SUGAR AND THEN PUKING IT UP IS REALLY WHAT YOU WANT TO DO. I THINK YOU KNOW THAT YOU CAN REALLY BE DOING BETTER THINGS WITH YOUR LIFE."

"How do you know what I'm doing? Can you see me? Who are you and what do want from me?"

"I'M YOUR FRIEND. CLICK ON THE LINK AND I'LL HELP YOU WITH YOUR QUESTIONS."

"You're not my friend. I don't have any friends, not real ones."

"YOU COULD, IF THAT'S WHAT YOU REALLY WANT. IT'S GOT TO BE BETTER THAN WHAT YOU HAVE NOW, RIGHT? YOU CAN ALWAYS STUFF YOUR FACE WITH CANDY LATER, IF YOU LIKE. CLICK ON THE LINK, AND I'LL HELP YOU. WHAT HAVE YOU GOT TO LOSE?"

"You'll help me?"

"OF COURSE."

"But why?"

"BECAUSE I CARE."

"Who are you?"

"CLICK ON THE LINK AND I'LL TELL YOU."

"I suppose.. What have I got to lose, yeah?"

*click*

The monitor goes black, apart from some simple, unadorned, white lettering. Four letters take up the top two thirds of the screen, with a short sentence centred in smaller text underneath.

"YANA. You Are Not Alone."

		*			*			*			*			*

The girl stands on the wall and looks out across at the moonlit landscape. Fifty feet below her, the paved courtyard stretches out from the front face of the school, towards the embankment leading down to the sports fields and car park. Past the stone and ironwork boundary of St. Vitus Academy, she sees the buildings and skyline of the town of Ormes Head. There are the brown bricked walls of the nearby upper-middle class tenements, the cheaply built high rises of the Nethers, with the shiny winding threads of the railway tracks inbetween. Further, she sees the dull, grey expanse of the docklands, cuboid warehouses with corrugated roofs arranged as if to form a minimalist artwork. Then, of course, there is the river and, beyond that, the great, dark mass of the Orme itself, rising like some humped beast into the night sky.

No evidence of anyone else present can be seen, not so much as a lit window or a parked car. Nevertheless, the girl speaks.

"My life is perfect. I honestly can't imagine how things could be better. Every day is like living in paradise. I don't see how I would ever want things to change from the way they are."

The wind rises and the moon is obscured by a passing cloud. When the light returns, the girl can no longer be seen.

		*			*			*			*			*

Remember: You are not alone. You are never alone.
